c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\FBXExporter.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\FBXExporter.pdb
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\RevitAPI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\RevitAPIUI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\RevitAPIFoundation.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\RevitDBAPI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\UtilityAPI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\APIDBAPI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\GraphicsAPI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\ElementGroupDBAPI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\EssentialsDBAPI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\GeomUtilAPI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\FamilyDBAPI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\DetailDBAPI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\CurtainGridFamilyDBAPI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\ArrayElemsDBAPI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\EnergyAnalysisDBAPI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\BuildingSystemsDBAPI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\HostObjDBAPI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\RoomAreaPlanDBAPI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\SiteDBAPI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\SculptingDBAPI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\StructuralDBAPI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\InterfaceAPI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\InterfaceUtilAPI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\RebarDBAPI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\StructuralAnalysisDBAPI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\MassingDBAPI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\AssemblyDBAPI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\DPartDBAPI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\NumberingDBAPI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\PointCloudAccessAPI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\StairRampDBAPI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\AnalysisAppsDBAPI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\DBManagedServices.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\AdWindows.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\RevitAddInUtility.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\APIInterop.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\UIFramework.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\AddInManager.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\RevitUIAPI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\BuildingSystemsUIAPI.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\UIFrameworkServices.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\ManagedMC3.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\RevitAPI.xml
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\RevitAPIUI.xml
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\cs-CZ\AdWindows.resources.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\de-DE\AdWindows.resources.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\en-US\AdWindows.resources.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\es-ES\AdWindows.resources.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\fr-FR\AdWindows.resources.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\it-IT\AdWindows.resources.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\ja-JP\AdWindows.resources.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\ko-KR\AdWindows.resources.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\pl-PL\AdWindows.resources.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\pt-BR\AdWindows.resources.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\ru-RU\AdWindows.resources.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\zh-CN\AdWindows.resources.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\zh-TW\AdWindows.resources.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\obj\Debug\FBXExporter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\obj\Debug\FBXExporter.dll
c:\users\adicted\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\obj\Debug\FBXExporter.pdb
C:\Users\didon\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\FBXExporter.dll
C:\Users\didon\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\FBXExporter.pdb
C:\Users\didon\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\obj\Debug\FBXExporter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\didon\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\obj\Debug\FBXExporter.ProgressBarForm.resources
C:\Users\didon\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\obj\Debug\FBXExporter.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\didon\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\obj\Debug\FBXExporter.dll
C:\Users\didon\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\obj\Debug\FBXExporter.pdb
C:\Users\didon\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\FBXExporter.bundle\FBXExporter.dll
C:\Users\didon\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\FBXExporter\bin\Debug\FBXExporter.bundle\FBXExporter.pdb
C:\Users\dneno\source\repos\FBXExport\bin\Debug\FBXExporter.bundle\FBXExporter.dll
C:\Users\dneno\source\repos\FBXExport\bin\Debug\FBXExporter.bundle\FBXExporter.pdb
C:\Users\dneno\source\repos\FBXExport\obj\Debug\FBXExporter.ProgressBarForm.resources
C:\Users\dneno\source\repos\FBXExport\obj\Debug\FBXExporter.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\dneno\source\repos\FBXExport\obj\Debug\FBXExporter.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\dneno\source\repos\FBXExport\obj\Debug\FBXExporter.dll
C:\Users\dneno\source\repos\FBXExport\obj\Debug\FBXExporter.pdb
C:\Users\didon\source\repos\RevitTempalteAddin\FBXExport\bin\Debug\FBXExporter.bundle\FBXExporter.dll
C:\Users\didon\source\repos\RevitTempalteAddin\FBXExport\bin\Debug\FBXExporter.bundle\FBXExporter.pdb
C:\Users\didon\source\repos\RevitTempalteAddin\FBXExport\obj\Debug\FBXExporter.ProgressBarForm.resources
C:\Users\didon\source\repos\RevitTempalteAddin\FBXExport\obj\Debug\FBXExporter.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\didon\source\repos\RevitTempalteAddin\FBXExport\obj\Debug\FBXExporter.dll
C:\Users\didon\source\repos\RevitTempalteAddin\FBXExport\obj\Debug\FBXExporter.pdb
